CHANGELOG for 5.29.0 (beta) (#7344)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

## 5.29.0 (Unreleased)

NOTES:

> * compute: added documentation for md5_authentication_key field in google_compute_router_peer resource ([#7306](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/7306))
> * dataflow: updated dataflow job docs with usage and an example for `service_account_email` ([#7323](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/7323))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* compute: added documentation for md5_authentication_key field in google_compute_router_peer resource. The field was introduced in [v5.12.0](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/releases/tag/v5.12.0), but documentation was unintentionally omitted at that time. ([#7306](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/7306))
```
